
On all pages/header:

    When you click on the "Enter your ZIP Code" bar, a rectangle appears around it. Is it possible to get rid of it? - DONE
    Add a "My State" tab between About and Submit Bug - DONE
    Replace the US flag with a "Go" button (has to look similar to the one in the footer of other pages) - DONE

Home page: 

    "Reps.com" should be bold -DONE
    Add a capital C to " Enter your Zip Code" which displays after clicking on "Test it now" - DONE
    Here again add a "Go" button so users don't have to type Enter after typing their zip code - DONE
    Change the background picture (work in progress)

Results page - see attached:

    Try sizing up the greenhouse gas tracker and putting it below the city's name - I'm not sure it will look good but it definitely doesn't work well with the current layout. -DONE
    Add a question mark icon next to the tracker. If possible, show a bubble with when hovering the cursor above that says "How do I compare to other places?" and will link to the future "My state" page- DONE
    Have a small line say "Who's in charge?" above the reps - DONE
    Have the Committee Assignment info show only in accordion if the user needs it - although I might have to find a solution myself by changing the database format. - CLARIFY
    The results shouldn't show any Mayor if there is no mayor, which they sometimes do - here again this might be a data problem -SEEMS TO ALREADY DO THIS?
    Change the picture of the tree (work in progress)
    Add a picture to the left and one at the bottom (work in progress)

Submit Bug

    Replace the footer's picture (which looks blurry) with the clean version that should be in the .psd. If it still looks pixelated, just replace it with the one of the lady holding a sign and wearing sunglasses from the Q&A's footer - DONE
    Make sure the little bug icon is on instead of the eye one - DOESN"T SEEM TO BE IN THE FOLDER?

My state page:

    Add. I assume you'll have to tie categories to specific columns in the data, so we can talk about it when you get there

Contact:

    Add

